Create Selectable Pill (#5550)
jpmorganchase/salt-ds: site/docs/components/pill/examples.mdx

## Default

Pills are often used for quick actions such as choosing an auto-generated response to a message or reserving a seat in a room.

<LivePreview componentName="pill" exampleName="Default" />

## Closable pill

A pill can be indicated as closable by adding a close icon on the right side of the pill. This type of pill is often used to represent a value that the user (or system) has selected, and which the user is able to remove from the selection. It can appear on its own, such as alongside a complex filter panel, or within an input control such as [`ComboBox`](/salt/components/combo-box).

<LivePreview componentName="pill" exampleName="Closable" />

## Selectable pill group

> When placed inside a `PillGroup`, pills can be made selectable. Selectable pills can be toggled on or off to represent a choice or selection. A visible checkbox provides the user with a clear visual cue that the accompanying pill is selectable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Selectable pills can be toggled on or off to represent a choice or selection. A visible checkbox provides the user with a clear visual cue that the accompanying pill is selectable.
```

Selectable pills are used in groups of two or more, never as a standalone pill component.

### Best practices

> - Selectable pill groups should be wrapped in a [`FormField`](/salt/components/form-field) component to provide a visible label and optionally help text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We recommend wrapping Selectable pill groups in a [`FormField`](/salt/components/form-field) component to provide a visible label and optionally help text.
```

- When selectable pill groups don't have a visible label, ensure the group has an accessible name by using `aria-label` or `aria-labelledby`.

<LivePreview componentName="pill" exampleName="SelectableDefault" />

### Wrapping

A group of selectable pills can wrap for smaller screens or to save space when there are many items.

<LivePreview componentName="pill" exampleName="SelectableWrapping" />

## With icons

Visually reinforce the theme or action of the pill by using left or right icons.

> ### Best practices

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - If the pill is closable or selectable, avoid using an icon on the right side.

Reviewer: I'd remove this entirely. Designers can have both icons present.
